Let $f:I \to \mathbb{R}$

Def. continuous on $I=(a,b),\;(a,b],\;[a,b),\;[a,b]\iff$
	 (1) continuous at $\forall c\in I,\;c\not=a,\;b$
	 (2) one-sided continuous
	     - at $a$: $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to a^+}f(x)=f(a)$
	     - at $b$: $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to b^-}f(x)=f(b)$


Thm. $f$ is continuous at $c$ & $g$ is continuous at $f(c)$
	 $\implies g\circ f$ is continuous at $c$
	 Pf. $\forall \varepsilon>0$
		 (1) $\exists\delta_1>0$ s.t. $g$ is continuous at $f(c)$ $\implies$
		     if $|y-f(c)|<\delta_1$ then $|g(y)-g(f(c))|<\varepsilon$
		 (2) $\exists\delta_2>0$ s.t. $f$ is continuous at $c$ $\implies$
		     if $|x-c|<\delta_2$ then $|f(x)-f(c)|<\delta_1$ then $|g\circ f(x)-g\circ f(c)|<\varepsilon$

Thm. If $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to c}f(x)=f(c)\neq L$
	 then $\exists\,r>0:\;x\in(c-r,\;c+r) \implies f(x)\neq L$


Cor. 
(1) $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to c}f(x)=L\iff\displaystyle\lim_{t\to 0}f(t+c)=L$
(2) $\forall a\neq0,\; \displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}f(x)=L\iff\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}f(\alpha x)=L$
Pf.
(1) Let $x=t+c$, $0<|x-c|<\delta\implies0<|t-0|<\delta$


Cor. $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to c}sin(x)=0$ & $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to c}cos(x)=0$
	 Pf. $\exists r=\dfrac\pi2$ 
	     s.t. $0<|x-0|<r\implies 0\leq |sin(x)|\leq |x| \;\land\; \displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}0=\lim_{x\to 0}x=0$
	     then $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}|sin(x)|=0$
	     For $0< |x-0|\implies -|sin(x)|\leq sin(x)\leq |sin(x)| \;\land\; \displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}|sin(x)|=0$
	     then $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}sin(x)=0$
Cor. $sin(x)$ & $cos(x)$ are cont. on $\mathbb{R}$
	 Pf. $\forall c\in \mathbb{R}$ 
	     $\displaystyle\lim_{t\to 0}sin(t+c)=\lim_{t\to 0}sin(t)cos(c)+sin(c)\lim_{t\to 0}cos(t)=sin(c)$
	     $\implies \displaystyle\lim_{t\to c}sin(t)=sin(c)$
	    
Thm. $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}{\dfrac{x}{sin(x)}}=1$ , $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}{\dfrac{sin(x)}{x}}=1$
	 Pf.
	 (Incomplete)
	 $\because$ $\forall x\in({-\dfrac\pi2,\dfrac\pi2)}-\{0\},\;sin(x)\leq x\leq tan(x)\implies 1\leq\dfrac{x}{sin(x)}\leq\dfrac1{cos(x)}$
	 $\therefore$ by THE SQUEEZE THM, $\displaystyle\lim_{x\to 0}{\dfrac{x}{sin(x)}}=1$

Pf. $\displaystyle\lim_{h\to 0}\dfrac{cos(h)-1}h$
	$=\displaystyle\lim_{h\to 0}\dfrac{(cos(h)-1)(cos(h)+1)}{h(cos(h)+1)}$
	$=\displaystyle\lim_{h\to 0}(\dfrac{sin(h)}{h}\cdot\dfrac{-sin(h)}{cos(h)+1})=0$