-
- Hello professor Chou,
- I'm writing you my feedback on last week's Toastmaster program.
- After carefully viewing the video recordings of my own and the 3 TMs' performance, I felt a sense of great respect, especially for Lulu. Because she conveyed her message to the audience so clearly and in such a fluent manner. Also, her tone was very beautiful and amusing to hear, which had certainly brought a cheerful and delightful atmosphere to the whole class.
- Although little Jimmy didn't speak as fluently as Lulu did, he also did a wonderful job on making sure that the whole procedure was carried out smoothly. Such as giving us some warm-ups to the topics before the prepared speakers gave out their speech, and led the applause for the audience to follow. And at the end, he didn't forget to express his appreciation to the other TMs and the teacher. His delivery was so thoughtful and well-organized, and I believe he had spent a lot of time rehearsing and memorizing what he's going to present. Great job as the pioneering TM!
- But compared to them, I think I didn't do very well on my part. By watching my own recording, I noticed that I was pausing too long and too often, and having too many "Uhs" and "Errs" between words. The segmented words probably had made the audience very frustrated to understand the message that I was trying to convey.
- Nevertheless, by learning from my own mistakes and having Lulu as my role model, I think I can do a better job this time. Let's hope we'll have a wonderful Toastmaster on Friday!
- Best, Timothy (111072230)