-
- [UCF Professor Richard Quinn accuses class of cheating [Original] - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbzJTTDO9f4)
-
- Hello professor Chou,
-
- I'm writing this letter to you to express my opinion on the video titled "UCF Professor Richard Quinn accuses class of cheating."
- I think using a test bank to prepare for the exam is not necessarily cheating, despite the video saying so. Because my professors from economics and accounting make the test banks available for everyone by uploading them to the eeclass and eLearn website, which their purpose is to challenge students' understanding of the course materials and help them spot their weaknesses. Students can learn better through trial and error instead of just reading and memorizing the materials.
- The test bank provided by the publisher is not meant to be copied and pasted to any formal exam in my opinion, because there's no rules against students memorizing the exam while taking it, and constructing their own test bank afterwards. The professor should be updating their sets of questions available to choose from at a certain pace, and rule out the outdated ones.
- That said, if the professor didn't provide the test bank himself, and only a portion of the students got the test bank to prepare for the exam, it is unfair and unjust for the rest of the students. Still, those students shouldn't be called cheaters.
- In this kind of situation, I still don't agree with the professor's way of dealing with it, which is to make the whole class retake the exam again. How would that be fair to the students who didn't cheat? Some of them had put a lot of effort into the original exam, and they were then forced to take another exam which couldn't guarantee their new grade would be as good as their original grade, and all of which is for something they didn't do.
- Thus, I think the investigation team responsible for the case should try to pick up the students with abnormal grades, and only require them to retake the exam.
-
- Best, Timothy (111072230)